// A brief description about my program...

So as you can see,I have created a website called "Code with Dora". Dora has been a popular figure from our childhood.
She taught us many new things and  we also learned to be curious like her . That is the reason for my choosing of "Dora" as the character for this website. Due to her popularity,
she is sure to bring aspiring developers and beginners to the website. Dora will ensure that you become a pro at coding at the end of it.

Below i will be briefly explaining on my method of designing.
First i created a folder in my desktop with the name codewithdora. inside that i created a file for css and another for storing images.also i created a html file with the name index.html
I used the VS code editor. note the images were pre-downloaded.

in vs code,
first i typed the usual html structure. the title was given as "codewithdora" .
then inside the header tag i specified the class  header logo and  header contents. the logo was called by specifying the foldername" images"/image-name.
then a list was created inside <ul> for the header contents
after that i made a h1 tag followed by h2,h3,h4 and h5 tags for the contents.(br tag used for break). a span tag was also given.
then i wrote the code for the button creation "sign up for free" and "show me more"

then we go to the css file for further styling. filename" style.css" . in html created a link which connects the css file.
inital margin and padding was set to 0px
then default body specification was given.
then the header styling was specified. made use of the properties like margin,padding,text decoration and float to allign and beautify the contents.
this was followed by styling of the contents. made use of properties like padding, margin,list style,display properties. the clearfix property was used(it automatically clears the child elements)
translate property was used to allign tht text along to the axis say x and y. border properties were also used.
the we style the contents more specifically, different fonts,colors ,spacing,etc
(the sizes are adjusted by the hit and trial method)
after this we come to the button property, add colors ,spacing and also the hover property.
span tag is used for color change properties. i used keyframes for transition effetcs.
animations were made by the application of animantion.css
then responsive queries were created so that the website opens well with all devices,say phone,ipad,tablet etc [width was setup]
at 768px, i dont want the header contents to be displayed ,so i created a bar icon using font awesome [for mobile pages its useful]
i also made a thing that whenever a user presses the bar icon, the header contents will be displayed.

this is where we incorporate javascript. before the ending of the body tag in html, i have included this.
then we had the meta tag which says that the width we use should work for all devices
that is the gist of my coding. The colors and fonts were made after trial method.
Thus presenting you a simple project of mine :)

Thank you.
Sneha Sunil






